#summary Troubleshooting FAQ.
#labels Admin

= Introduction =

Check your problem for a possible solution before sending a request for help to support@zetaprints.com.


= No personalization available = 
*I installed the extension, imported my templates, but there is no way to personalize the products. I see Add to cart buttons and it adds them directly to the cart if I click on it.*

You are using a custom theme. See CustomThemeNative and CustomTheme2Step pages for customization instructions. Alternatively, use the default ZP theme provided with the plugin. This can be configured on ZP configuration page in Magento.

= Templates won't import =

*Running the profile for templates importing results in "Error in receiving list of catalogs" message.*

  * Double-check the domain name and API key in the configuration.
  * Check that your ZetaPrints profile has no IP address restriction activated.


*Error in receiving detailes for template _template_guid_. Leaving the template unmodified.*

Check that the template exists in your ZetaPrints portal.

*Error in receiving list of templates for catalog _catalog_name_*

Check that the catalog exists in your ZetaPrints portal.

[http://www.zetaprints.com/magento-web-to-print/magento-partners http://www.zetaprints.com/help/img/magento_w2p_images/magento_support_text.png]

= Import profiles disappeared after M. upgrade =

You need to re-create ZetaPrints profiles by hands.
Go to M.'s admin inteface, then System -> Import/Export -> Dataflow - Advanced Profiles and add following profiles (first line is profile's name, code block is profile's action XML):

ZetaPrints templates synchronization
{{{
<action type="webtoprint/templates-synchronization" method="parse" />
<action type="webtoprint/products-updating" method="map" />
}}}

ZetaPrints catalogues creation
{{{
<action type="webtoprint/catalogues-creation" method="parse" />
}}}

ZetaPrints virtual products creation
{{{
<action type="webtoprint/products-creation" method="map" product-type="virtual" />
}}}

ZetaPrints simple products creation
{{{
<action type="webtoprint/products-creation" method="map" product-type="simple" />
}}}