#summary Overview of JS files used in the extension.
#labels Development
= Introduction =
Our web-to-print extension uses a number a JS scripts and plugins. It is mostly based on jQuery. 

= [http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/js/ajaxupload.js ajaxupload.js] =
Used for asynchronous uploading of user images on the customisation page.

Original script sourced from: http://valums.com/ajax-upload/

= [http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/js/colorpicker.js colorpicker.js] =
Generates and controls a color picker pop-up. Saves the selected value in one of input fields to be sent to ZP.

Depends on _[http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/css/colorpicker.css colorpicker.css]_ and images from _[http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/images/colorpicker colorpicker]_ directory

Original script sourced from: http://www.eyecon.ro/colorpicker/

= [http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/js/jquery-1.4.2.min.js jquery-1.4.2.min.js] =
jQuery javascript library.

Original script sourced from: http://jquery.com/

= [http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/js/jquery-jcrop.min.js jquery-jcrop.min.js] =
JCrop is jQuery plugin for image cropping UI component. Used in image editing dialog.

Depends on _[http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/css/jquery.jcrop.css jquery.jcrop.css]_

Original script sourced from: http://deepliquid.com/content/Jcrop.html

= [http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/js/jquery-qtip-1.0.0-rc3.min.js jquery-qtip-1.0.0-rc3.min.js] =
Qtip is jQuery plugin for nice tooltips. Used for showing tooltips for user input fields on the customisation page.

Original script sourced from: http://craigsworks.com/projects/qtip/

= [http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/js/jquery-ui-1.8.custom.min.js jquery-ui-1.8.custom.min.js] =
jQuery UI library. Used for mouse dragging option in color picker and for dragging fields while in-preview editing.

Original script sourced from: http://jqueryui.com/

= [http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/js/jquery.fancybox-1.3.1.pack.js jquery.fancybox-1.3.1.pack.js] =
Fancybox is jQuery plugin to show in-page dialogs. Used to show full size images in pop-ups for template previews, stock images and to show image editing window in pop-up.

Depends on _[http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/css/jquery.fancybox-1.3.1.css jquery.fancybox-1.3.1.css]_ and images from _[http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/images/fancybox fancybox]_ directory.

Original script sourced from: http://fancybox.net

= [http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/js/zp-crop-visual-assistant.js zp-crop-visual-assistant.js] =
This file contains javascript cropVisualAssistant class code.

This is a class for comparing user images and placeholders.
It contains functionality to determine ratios and positioning between a given placeholder and a user image.

= [http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/js/zp-image-edit.js zp-image-edit.js] =
This file contains javascript code for the ZetaPrints image editor.

Depends on _[http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/css/zp-image-edit.css zp-image-edit.css]_

= [http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/js/zp-personalization-form.js zp-personalization-form.js] =
This file contains javascript code for the ZetaPrints personalization form.
The script ... shows fields ... bla ... bla .. What does it do exactly?

Depends on _[http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/css/zp-style.css zp-style.css]_

= [http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/js/zp-in-preview-edit.js zp-in-preview-edit.js] =
This file contains JavaScript code for a in-preview editing and fields highlighting.

Depends on _[http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/css/zp-in-preview-edit.css zp-in-preview-edit.css]_

[http://www.zetaprints.com/magento-web-to-print/magento-partners http://www.zetaprints.com/help/img/magento_w2p_images/magento_support_text.png]