#summary List of themes with comments on their state and compatibility.
#labels Integration,Development

This page describes the state of themes provided via our [http://www.zetaprints.com/premium/index.php/web-to-print-support/hello-themes-customization.html Premium Web-to-Print support service]. 

Modified files for *free themes* can be downloaded from [http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/downloads/list Downloads section].
Files for *commercial themes* are provided to legitimate theme owners via [http://www.zetaprints.com/premium/index.php/web-to-print-support/hello-themes-customization.html Premium Web-to-Print support service]. In other words, you have to purchase the theme, install it on your site and then we will provide you with the modified files. You will still need to [http://www.zetaprints.com/premium/index.php/web-to-print-support/hello-themes-customization.html place an order].


= Hello themes =


==helloglam==
  * Commercial 
  * Light low contrast theme
  * Uses left sidebar.
  * Does not use button for add to cart but link.

*Release 154* (_internal SVN_) works with M. 1.5 and w2p 1.9. 



==hellokids==

  * Does not use horizontal categories menu
  * Uses left sidebar, and vertical categories menu in it.
  * Has issues with store switcher in header (this is in M. 1.5)
  * Not very suitable for theme demo site, can't really go to any category/product from home page unless home page is changed to use left sidebar
  * Uses large previews for products.
  * For footer it needs a footerLinks CMS block

*Release 149* (_internal SVN_) works for 1.8.3.2 and magento 1.4.2

==hellococo==

  * A theme with very specific style for front page. Will not look good with /magento front page without serious modifications.
  * Uses left sidebar.
  * Store switcher is off place on each page.
  * Footer is designed to be filled with content and push 'Back to top' button at bottom of the page.
*Release 116* (_internal SVN_) works for w2p 1.8.3.2 and magento 1.4.2

==hellowired==
  * hellowired generic, added icon for file uploader, default button styles didn't work well with hellowired. 
  * Tested it with M. 1.5.1 and w2p 1.9.0 stable
*Release r1672(hellowired_zeta)* (_g-code_) works with w2p 1.9.0 stable and Magento 1.5.1, download [http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/downloads/detail?name=hellowired.1672.zip&can=2&q=#makechanges changes]
  * hellowired generic, added right callout and a w2p call out style rule, free, available from the [http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/#svn%2Fbranches%2Fhellowired_zeta SVN]
*Release r1583(hellowired_zeta)* (_g-code_) works with w2p 1.9.0rc3 and Magento 1.5.0.1
  * Updated to 1.9.0rc3 version of w2p
*Release 1578(hellowired_zeta)* (_g-code_) works with w2p 1.9.0rc3 and Magento 1.5.0.1, download [http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/downloads/detail?name=hellowired_diff.1578.zip&can=2&q=#makechanges changes]

  * Free theme.
  * Adapted for 1.9.0rc2 and Magento 1.5.0.1(which is used on /magento)
  * Uses 2 sidebars on category page and left sidebar on product page.
  * Does not show store switcher at all.
  * It has been tested on 1.5 and works, which means that some things won't work on 1.4.2 any more.
  * For footer it needs a footerLinks CMS block
*Release 1571(hellowired_zeta)* (_g-code_) works with w2p 1.9.0rc2 and Magento 1.5.0.1, download [http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/downloads/detail?name=hellowired_diff.zip#makechanges changes]

  
==hellouno==

  * Updated to work with w2p 1.9.0rc3 and M.1.5.0.1 for generic version of the theme.
*Release 169* (_internal SVN_) works with w2p 1.9.0rc3 and Magento 1.5.0.1

  * Adapted for 1.9.0rc2 and Magento 1.5.0.1
  * Sidebars are narrower then default, this causes some misalignment on home page.
  * For category page uses 2 sidebars.
  * For product page uses left sidebar
  * Uses link for Add to cart btn.
  * Uses large previews for images.
  * Uses own copy of zp-styles.css
  * For footer it needs a footerLinks CMS block
*Release 162* (_internal SVN_) works with w2p 1.9.0rc2 and Magento 1.5.0.1

==hellosimple==

  * Adapted for 1.8.3.2
  * Uses a copy of zp-styles.css to add space around form items (probably should be removed in latest versions). This is the cause of w2p image bellow product to be visible.
  * Uses left sidebar.
  * Has 3 colors - light blue, green and pink. Blue is default, any changes made to style.css are made only to default color.
  * Uses link for Add to cart btn.
*Release 124* (_internal SVN_) works for w2p 1.8.3.2 and magento 1.4.2

==hellocanvas==

  * updated to work with w2p 1.9.0rc3 and M.1.5.0.1 for generic version
*Release 166* (_internal SVN_) works for w2p 1.9.0rc3 and magento 1.5.0.1

  * hellocanvas, high contrast theme, one of the last we adapted
  * Adapted for 1.9.0rc2 and Magento 1.5.0.1
  * uses right sidebar.
  * In cart page needs table to be adjusted to have right number of columns.
  * It has some css variations of button colors mostly. Default is purple, then blue, green and orange. Never used any other but default.
  * For footer it needs a footerLinks CMS block
*Release 161* (_internal SVN_) works for w2p 1.9.0rc2 and magento 1.5.0.1
==hellojynxx==
  * Hellojynxx was adapted in its 1.4.1.1 version (don't know why, probably client store was 1.4.1.1)
  * Adapted to work with w2p 1.8.3.2 only for its 1.4.1.1 version.
  * Uses right sidebar.
  * Uses link not button for Add to cart.
  * For footer it needs a footerLinks CMS block
  * Uses large previews for images.
*Release 107* (_internal SVN_) works for w2p 1.8.3.2 and magento 1.4.1.1