#summary Release notes for stable releases. It may or may not include changes for beta releases.

= Future stable release =
  * Fix error in getting link of preview image for sharing
  * Fix removing Magento's zoomer on personalisation step in 2-step theme
  * Fix reordering functionality (issue #815)
  * Update jQuery to 1.8.3 and jQuery UI to 1.8.24
  * Update JS code to work correctly with jQuery 1.8

= Stable release (2.1.4.1) =
  * Fix error when image was selected in every field after uploading it.

== Release comments ==
Code for the release can be obtained by _web-to-print-2.1.4.1_ tag from the project's SVN repo.

= Stable release (2.1.4.0) =
  * Fix the case when API code doesn't send data to the Zetaprints (issue #808)

== Release comments ==
Code for the release can be obtained by _web-to-print-2.1.4.0_ tag from the project's SVN repo.

= Stable release (2.1.3.0) =
  * Restore removed user on ZetaPrints side (issue #804)

= Stable release (2.1.2.0) =
  * Add support for Magento 1.7
  * Add Dutch translation (issue #788)
  * Display preview images in order's notification emails (issue #798)
  * Do not ignore empty lines in drop-down text fields(issue #795)
  * Better handling of template's previews (issue #797)
  * Other bug fixes and improvements (issue #772, issue #794, issue 797, issue #749)

== Release comments ==
Code for the release can be obtained by _web-to-print-2.1.2.0_ tag from the project's SVN repo.

= Stable release (2.1.1.0) =
  * Add default ZetaPrints account settings (issue #770)
  * Bug fixes and improvements (issue #773, issue #774 and issue #776)

== Release comments ==
Code for the release can be obtained by _web-to-print-2.1.1.0_ tag from the project's SVN repo.

= Stable release (2.1.0.0) =
== Issues ==
  * Re-implement data sets (issue #737)
  * Add option to ignore unpaid orders (issue #738)
  * Add support for PayPal Express Checkout (issue #744)
  * Add link to finalise order on ZP in admin interface (issue #739)
  * Implement new form buttons (issue #652)
  * Implement fallback scenario to preserver user's input (issue #539)
  * Complete ZP order on Processing status (issue #750)
  * Bug fixes (issue #725)

== Release comments ==
Code for the release can be obtained by _web-to-print-2.1.0.0_ tag from the project's SVN repo.

= Stable release (2.0.0.1) =
== Issues ==
  * Add support for M. 1.6.1.0 (issue #678)
  * Add support for dynamic imaging (issue #654)
  * Add support for shopping cart items editing (issue #701)
  * Fit-in-field (issue #660, issue #662, issue #666 and issue #682)
  * Add save button for image edit (issue #663 and issue #664)
  * Add option to set default image library state (issue #700)
  * Initial support for datasets (issue #669)
  * Add support for optional pages (issue #688)
  * Bug fixes and improvements (issue #653, issue #657, issue #644, issue #665, issue #692, issue #649, issue #717 and issue #676)

== Release comments ==
Code for the release can be obtained by _web-to-print-2.0.0.1_ tag from the project's SVN repo.


= Stable release (1.9.1.1) =
== Issues ==
  * Bug fixes (issue #641 and issue #642)

= Stable release (1.9.1.0) =
== Issues ==
  * Add Update preview button to the Fancybox pop-up (issue #541)
  * Add table with page sizes to a product page (issue #513)
  * Add combobox for text fields (issue #557)
  * Add support for overlapping fields to in-preview field editor (issue #564)
  * Add support for shape with multiple fields (issue #593)
  * Add text field's meta data editor to in-preview field editor (issue #584)
  * Add default product creation option in admin interface (issue #589)
  * Add support for story attribute of text fields (issue #587)
  * Add a profile for catalogues creation (issue #502)
  * Add Use image button to stock images viewer (issue #617)
  * Update jQuery to 1.5.2 release and jQuery UI to 1.8.13 release
  * Bug fixes and improvements (issue #566, issue #548, issue #569, issue 565, issue 580, issue 581, issue 577, issue #591, issue #603, issue #606, issue #614, issue 623, issue #628 and issue #586)

== Release comments ==
Code for the release can be obtained by _web-to-print-1.9.1.0_ tag from project's SVN repo.

= Stable release (1.9.0.0) =
== Issues ==
  * Add support for M. 1.5 (issue #458)
  * New fit-to-field feature in image editor dialog (disabled by default because of development state)
  * Add ability to choose color for text fields (issue #375)
  * Update jQuery to 1.4.4 release and jQuery UI to 1.8.7 release
  * Add support for custom options in separate XML file (issue #259)
  * Fancybox resizing capabilities (issue #251)
  * Add Spain, Bulgarian, German and Makedonian localizations
  * Implement fake Add to cart button (issue #374)
  * Hide Update button on static pages (issue #273)
  * Add support for creation of virtual products (issue #478)
  * Add support for translation of template's titles, hints and field names (issue #479)
  * Implement custom option to allow users download files regardless of ZP template setting (issue #491)
  * Bug fixes and improvements (issue #440, issue #436, issue #437, issue #450, issue #188, issue #292, issue #179, issue #483, issue #469, issue #438, issue #489 and issue #88)

== Release comments ==
It's recommended to un-install previous versions of the extension firstly.

*NOTE: Please, remember (write down) your API Key and URL. You have to re-enter them in the extension settings after update*

Please, do following step if you don't use _zptheme_ as default in Magento (e.i. if you previously copied everything from zptheme into the custom theme):

  * *Remove all previously copied files from your custom theme!*
  * Remove layout/local.xml file or leave only custom theme specific changes there
  * Move any changes you made in copied files to proper files from the custom theme.
  * Try *NOT TO OVERRIDE* theme files from the extension. It will make your further updates easier.

= Stable release (1.8.3.2) =
== Issues ==
  * Add support for M. 1.4.2.0 release (issue #382)

== Release comments ==
Code for the release can be obtained by _web-to-print-1.8.3.2_ tag from project's SVN repo.

= Stable release (1.8.3.1) =
== Issues ==
  * Bug fixes (issue #339, issue #337, issue #334 and issue #322)

= Stable release (1.8.3.0) =
== Issues ==
  * Point product links in cart to already personalized products (issue #277)
  * Show arrows in fancybox all the time (issue #276)
  * Make all spinners in same color in zptheme (issue #255)
  * Memory consumption and speed improvements in product creation profile (issue #283)
  * Add support for ZetaPrints OrderApproval extension
  * Update jQuery UI library to 1.8.5 release
  * Bug fixes (issue #252, issue #278)

== Release comments ==
Please, do following step if you don't use zptheme as default in Magento (e.i. if you copied everything from zptheme into the custom theme):
  * Copy [http://magento-w2p.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/images/spinner.gif skin/frontend/default/zptheme/images/spinner.gif] file into your custom theme's image directory
  * Copy [http://magento-w2p.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/skin/frontend/default/zptheme/js/jquery-ui-1.8.5-custom-min.js skin/frontend/default/zptheme/js/jquery-ui-1.8.5-custom-min.js] file  into your custom theme's js directory and remove 'jquery-ui-1.8.custom.min.js' file from it.

= Stable release (1.8.2.4) =
  * Bug fixes (issue #270, issue #262)

= Stable release 1.8.2.3 =
  * Fix bug in product's images update (issue #274)

= Stable release 1.8.2.2 =
  * Fix regression in session handling (introduced in 1.8.2.0)

= Stable release 1.8.2.1 =
  * Fix regression in preview share link functionality (introduced in 1.8.2.0)

= Stable release 1.8.2.0 =
== Issues ==
  * Loading indicator for preview images on product page (Issue #202)
  * Show up-sell product with prepared preview (Issue #222)
  * Add product link to each order item for quick re-ordering (Issue #216)
  * Add "Default" option to image fields (Issue #240)
  * Add link to ZetaPrints order to every M. order item in admin interface (Issue #152)
  * Other improvements (Issue #221, Issue #225, Issue #238) and little bug fixes.

== Release comments ==
=== Quick re-ordering ===
Modify _sales/order/items/renderer/default.phtml_ template file in your custom theme as described in CustomThemeNative page to enable quick re-ordering feature.

=== Preview sharing link ===
Modify _catalog/product/view/addto.phtml_ template file in your custom theme as described in CustomThemeNative page to enable preview sharing link functionality.

Please, do following steps if you don't use zptheme as default in Magento (e.i. if you copied everything from zptheme into your custom theme):
  * Add a new loading indicator to your custom theme (_skin/frontend/default/zptheme/images/big-spinner.gif_).
  * Update _zp-style.css_ file in your custom theme (_skin/frontend/default/zptheme/css/zp-style.css_)
  See [http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/diff?old=811&r=893&format=side&path=%2Ftrunk%2Fskin%2Ffrontend%2Fdefault%2Fzptheme%2Fcss%2Fzp-style.css changes] for the file in this release if you changed _zp-style.css_ file or included it in your custom theme's CSS file.
  * Update _zp-personalization-form.js_ file in your custom theme (_skin/frontend/default/zptheme/js/zp-personalization-form.js_)
  See [http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/diff?old=819&r=907&format=side&path=%2Ftrunk%2Fskin%2Ffrontend%2Fdefault%2Fzptheme%2Fjs%2Fzp-personalization-form.js changes] for the file in this release if you changed _zp-personalization-form.js_ file.
  * Update _zp-in-preview-edit.js_ file in your custom theme (_skin/frontend/default/zptheme/js/zp-in-preview-edit.js_)
  See [https://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/diff?old=789&r=883&format=side&path=%2Ftrunk%2Fskin%2Ffrontend%2Fdefault%2Fzptheme%2Fjs%2Fzp-in-preview-edit.js changes] for the file in this release if you changed _zp-in-preview-edit.js_ file.

= 1.8.1.0 release =
== Issues ==
  * User image deletion (Issue #164)
  * Fix error with product's base image (Issue #141)
  * Automatic update of ZetaPrints order status (Issue #10)
  * Switch to jQuery 1.4 (Issue #159)
  * New theme for in-preview editing (Issue #177)
  * Fields highlighting and in-preview fields edit (Issue #169, Issue #170, Issue #193)
  * Better support for HTTPS (Issue #192)
  * Order output files download for users (Issue #198)
  * Preview image sharing (Issue #210)
  * PDF proofs for saved orders (Issue #191)
  * Other bug fixes: issue #163, issue #167, issue #186, issue #207

== Release comments ==
Themes running on the previous stable version need to be modified. Themes running on a recent beta release can be left as is. See more info at Custom theme requirements on CustomThemeNative page.

Deprecated functions:
  * _get_js_css_includes()_ ([http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/app/code/local/ZetaPrints/WebToPrint/Helper/PersonalizationForm.php app/code/local/ZetaPrints/WebToPrint/Helper/PersonalizationForm.php]) - the function was deprecated because of new way JavaScript and CSS files are included. Follow these steps to update your custom theme:
    # Copy _app/design/frontend/default/zptheme/layout/local.xml_ file to your custom theme's _layout_ directory or copy its content into _local.xml_ file, if you already have one.
    # Remove _app/design/frontend/default/your_custom_theme_name/template/page/html/head.phtml_ file from your custom theme. If you did any custom changes to the file then you should remove following line from it:
    {{{
<?php $this->helper('webtoprint/personalization-form')->get_js_css_includes(); ?>
    }}}  

  * _get_admin_js_css_includes()_ ([http://code.google.com/p/magento-w2p/source/browse/trunk/app/code/local/ZetaPrints/WebToPrint/Helper/PersonalizationForm.php app/code/local/ZetaPrints/WebToPrint/Helper/PersonalizationForm.php]) - the function was deprecated because of new way JavaScript and CSS files are included in ZP admin theme. Magento doesn't support any un-installation facilities for its extensions. You should remove _app/design/adminhtml/default/zptheme/template/page/head.phtml_ file manually.

[http://www.zetaprints.com/magento-web-to-print/magento-partners http://www.zetaprints.com/help/img/magento_w2p_images/magento_support_text.png]